How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
It reduced the amount of time comparing two files. Also comparing them manually there could be human errors which are avoided this way.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Things can go wrong while programming and being able to access previous history of a working file can be really helpful.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
The pros of setting a commit is that it helps to identify various logical changes implemented over a period of time. If a version is automatically saved then we wont know exact change in versions.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Files in programming can be connected so git commits all of them at once, while since google docs treats all files seperately it doesnt save them together

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Git log is the command used to find the commit Id corresponding to a particular idea. Then we use git diff to find the difference in files between two different commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Using version control we can find out exactly what change caused the program to break and then we can handle those changes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I would like to use Git for maintaining different versions of my code at work. I will be less prone to unexpected failures and also I can use this skill in my resume for my next job.

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When we initialize a repository using git init, git starts tracking changes for the files present in the repository. This has to be done to start version control